March
2025 The colours of Holi had not yet faded from the streets of Meerut
Some streets were blue, some were
pink, some were yellow But in those streets there was a
house whose four walls were red
Saurabh and Muskan's
house was a house whose four walls had
many secrets but the biggest secret was
where Saurabh Rajput was Saurabh's
family was trying to talk to him for many days
but no one knew where Saurabh Rajput had disappeared from Meerut
And no one knew
that the answer to his mystery was
hidden in a blue drum
And from that drum began a story that shook
Meerut A
story in which there is love, betrayal, drugs,
black magic There is everything except humanity No
one is worthy of society That child was
very good This is a story that will
shake the very foundation of a society This is
the story of Saurabh Muskan and
Sahil This episode of India Crazy
Stories We will talk about the Meerut Drum
Murder Case
18 March
2025 A man named Bablu came to a police station in Meerut
To file a missing report of his brother, his brother i.e.
Saurabh Rajput, he
was an officer connected with the Merchant Navy and had recently
returned to Meerut from London for Holi, but for the
last few days he neither met his family
nor talked to them on the phone and now
Bablu and his family suspected that his
wife Muskan was
deliberately stopping him from meeting his family.
When the police takes action on this report,
many horrifying truths come out in front of them one after the other.
These are such truths that it will
take courage for me to tell them and
you will also have to have courage to listen to them.
However, all these things are still allegations because
nothing has been proved in the court,
but whatever has come out about this case till now,
I present it in front of you. Let's
start from the beginning. Saurabh and Muskan
had a love marriage. They both got married in 2016.
Saurabh had a good job. They had a
cute five-year-old daughter. They were a
perfect happy couple. But behind this perfect
looking couple, everything was probably hollow.
Media  According to reports, Saurabh's
family was against this marriage from the very beginning,
but Saurabh loved his wife
and somewhere he
married Muskan against the wishes of his family.
Saurabh was in the Merchant Navy at that time and
it was a job where he had to
stay away from his home for long tours,
but after some time of his marriage,
Saurabh suddenly left that job and wanted to spend more
time with his wife and this thing seemed
very strange to Saurabh's family. Getting
married suddenly and suddenly leaving the job,
his family felt that he is just
following what his wife is telling him.
Due to these things, some frictions had started arising between Saurabh and his family
and these fights had increased so much that
after some time Saurabh and Muskan
decided to live in a separate house away from their family.
Both of them started living in a rented house in Meerut
and Saurabh's relationship with his family
started getting a little bad. Saurabh had to leave his
parents and his family at their home.  It would
not have been easy for Saurabh to leave his job like this, but for his and his
wife's happiness, he
took a difficult step and in 2019, Saurabh's daughter was
born. There could hardly be any greater happiness for Saurabh and Muskan.
Now Saurabh
wanted to spend as much time as possible with his daughter, but on the other hand,
something else was going on in Muskan's life. One
day a message came on Muskan's phone,
a message that changed her life
forever.
After marrying Muskan, Saurabh took many difficult steps. He
left his job,
left his home for the happiness of both of them,
started living away from his parents and when he
held his daughter in his lap for the first time, he said, "Happy everything seemed to be
worth it." But
in 2019, something else was also happening in his family.
Some of Muskan's friends
added Muskan to their school's almina group. Muskan had many
old friends in that group and one of them was
Sahil
Shukla, apparently Muskan's old lover.
Sahil and Muskan used to like each other during school days.  They were
very close to each other,
maybe even in love, with time they got
separated and moved on in their lives,
but after connecting with each other in that group,
they
started talking again, started meeting each other
and slowly this old love
started rekindling, people started talking
that Muskan and Sahil were having an
extra marital affair. For many months Sahil
and Muskan kept meeting each other secretly,
but one day Saurabh came to know about this.
According to some media reports, many times
it used to happen that when Saurabh was not at home,
Sahil used to come to their house secretly.
People noticed this and went and
told Saurabh and when Saurabh was confronted
in this matter, Saurabh was shocked. Saurabh's
world had shattered. The girl for whom he had
left his job, his career, his family, that girl was cheating on Saurabh for months.
Naturally, there were fights between the two, the
families evolved and Saurabh
decided to divorce Muskan,
but in all these fights, Saurabh and  His
family's attention also went towards his daughter.
What was the fault of that five year old girl in this whole fight? If Saurabh and Muskan had separated, the
most affected would have been that innocent girl.
Saurabh and his family
kept this in mind and decided that
at least for the sake of their daughter, they would give this relationship
another chance, but this marriage was about their
daughter's future, it mattered only to Saurabh,
not to Muskan.
Now only Sahil mattered. Now
according to media reports, Sahil was a drug
addict, an alcoholic, neither did he talk to anyone
nor was he friends with anyone. He lived alone in his house
with his old grandmother.
His mother had passed away and
he had suffered a very deep shock due to his mother's death.
But
one more thing about Sahil was very strange. Sahil
believed a lot in supernatural things,
in black magic, in tantric sciences, in old
practices. These were some of the things
that Sahil probably used to read obsessively.
This belief of Sahil was going to be a big factor in this whole case.
Gradually, Sahil
also spread his addiction to Muskaan
and
took her along with him to a dark alley in which it was
very easy to enter but very difficult to get out.
Both Sahil and Muskaan were now
trapped in this dark alley of drug addiction.
Time passed and Saurabh had to go to London.
There he was
working hard day and night for his daughter and his family in a foreign country. On the
other hand,
everything had become very easy for Muskaan and Sahil. There was no
one left to stop them. With this new
freedom, both of them used to meet and live together.
Drugs and alcohol became the center part of their
lives. Muskaan's life was going very well. There was no
one to stop her.
Saurabh used to send money from abroad. Everything was
perfect for her. But then
Muskaan started realizing that there is only
one thing that can ruin her perfect life -
Saurabh himself. And
from there, Muskaan started a dangerous game.
Muskaan knew that Saurabh would oppose her drug
addiction, her alcoholism and her
affair with Sahil after coming back and she would do the same.
Wanted some kind
of solution for this and then
a perfect solution for this entire situation came to her mind,
murder
and for this Muskaan played a disgusting trick.
Now what I am going to tell you is very
much debatable. Some media reports
present it as a fact and some
media reports deny it, but the
theory is that Muskaan created
a new account on Snapchat from some number.
That account was in the name of Sahil's dead mother
and slowly she
started sending cryptic messages to Sahil from that account.
Now I had told you how much Sahil believed in the
supernatural, tantric sciences and black
magic.
Slowly Muskaan convinced him that all of this that was happening was actually some kind of a strange
supernatural arrangement. His mother was
connecting him back from somewhere and the messages that were
coming to him were being sent by his mother only.
In those messages, she used to write that Muskaan is a
good girl, always support him,
obey whatever he says.  And if this theory is to be
believed, which like said is just a theory right now,
according to that Sahil had
started getting manipulated slowly because of these messages.
Now whether he got manipulated because of these messages
or because of his larger emotional
conversation, this thing will be known with time
only. For now this is just a
theory. According to some reports,
from November 20224, both of them
started planning to kill Saurabh. A cold-blooded
conception was taking shape in their
minds.
Slowly they started all the preparations.
Muskaan went and bought some big knives
saying that we cook meat, chicken etc. at home, it will be
used to cut it.
After that Muskaan pretends to be anxious
and by pretending she also brings many sleeping
pills and keeps them in the house. Their
plan was set. Now they just needed one thing,
an
opportunity. In a few days, that opportunity was
coming to their house. Saurabh was returning to
India to celebrate his daughter's birthday.
24th February 2025 came,
according to some reports, 25th February was
Muskaan's birthday too, so Saurav thought
that he should come and surprise both of them, there was
so much love in Saurav's heart even then, on the
other hand, Muskaan decided to execute her conception on 25th February itself
without losing a single day,
apparently on the night of 25th February,
Muskaan mixed sleeping pills in Saurabh's food and
fed him, Saurabh started feeling
very sleepy after eating the food,
but Saurabh was not unconscious, slightly conscious,
Saurabh was a little aware of things,
in such a situation, Muskaan thought
that attacking him might not be free from danger,
Saurabh escaped that night, but
after that, the relationship between Saurabh and Muskaan
started improving, both used to talk well,
laugh and play, it was almost as if Saurabh's
world was coming together, he had
no idea that Muskaan was just pretending, was
waiting for another day, on the night of 4th March,
Muskaan did the same again  The work was done by mixing
sleeping pills in Saurabh's food again
and this time increasing the dosage.
Unaware of the deception being done to him, Saurabh
ate that night and after some time Saurabh
fainted.
What happened after that will
take courage for me to tell you and you will
also need courage to listen to it. After Saurabh fainted,
Sahil silently came into the house. Muskaan took out those new
knives and
stabbed them on Saurabh's chest, not once but many
times.
After some time Sahil took out another knife and
with that knife separated Saurabh's neck from the torso.
After carrying out this cold-blooded murder, what exactly happened that night is
not clear to anyone yet. According to some media
reports, Saurabh's body was
thrown in the bathroom that night but
some media reports suggest another theory.
Those reports allege that
Saurabh's body was cut that night itself.
Sahil took Saurabh's head and his hands
home with him and kept the rest of Saurabh's
body in the storage of Muskaan's double bed.
Muskaan
spread a mattress over the body and slept comfortably at night,
but there was a problem in this theory, that if the
whole body was at home, then
why did Sahil take only the head and hands to his house?
From here, this theory also says that
Sahil had taken these things to his house because he
probably wanted to do some black magic
activities with this. Now how much of this is true and
how much is false, this will only be proved in the court.
For now, this is just a theory. The next day was
March 5, Sahil and Muskaan had to dispose of this body.
Sahil brought a very
big drum from somewhere and also 50 kg of
cement. Sahil and Muskaan together
cut Saurabh's body into different pieces,
put them inside the drum and filled it over it. A 29-year-old
happy and successful man was buried
in a drum inside his house in a single night as concrete.
His fault was trust.
For the marriage, Saurabh had put his family and his career at
stake. To what turn has that marriage brought him today?
Saurabh is now buried in
this concrete drum, away from the eyes of the people.  The inside of the house had turned into stone. The
bathroom was cleaned and the house was cleaned and polished. If anyone from
outside comes, he should not know
what brutality had happened inside the house. Whoever
comes will think that Saurabh is not at home, he has gone
somewhere. And now Muskaan and Sahil
started a new game. Muskaan
sent her daughter to grandmother's house on the pretext
that mother and father want to spend some time alone together.
And after doing this,
on 5th March itself, Sahil and Muskaan
went on a vacation. Beyond their guilt and any fear,
both of them went to Himachal on the same day.
But that trip was not just a vacation. It was
also a subtle part of their long plan. When Sahil and Muskaan
went to Himachal, Muskaan had Saurabh's
mobile phone with her. Muskaan had informed the neighbors and
relatives that Saurabh was
going on a vacation. Muskaan
posted photos etc. on social media from Saurabh's phone,
making it seem like Saurabh is in Himachal,
on vacation, and is enjoying his
time. She kept creating the illusion that Saurabh is
absolutely fine, he is healthy and hearty, but  The
reality was completely opposite to that. Saurabh was
buried in a concrete box in his house.
Slowly, piece by piece, he was decaying. Like I
said, unaware of this whole truth, everyone had believed
that Saurabh was in Himachal. But
now some media reports were also telling
that in those days, Saurabh's sister also had a meeting with Saurabh.
When his sister asked him if he would
come home on Holi, he gave some evasive reply.
Of course, all these replies were giving smiles from Saurabh's phone.
Holi came,
messages wishing Holi also came, but Saurabh's
call did not come. Holi was over and now
Saurabh's sister wanted to go back home and
she wanted to know whether she would be
able to meet her brother or not.
Irritated by hearing evasive replies on the messages,
Saurabh's sister called her brother. The call kept
disconnecting and it went unanswered. The
next day, she called again, got the same response and
now the family got suspicious. This was something
unusual. Saurabh was not so busy that he would
reply to the messages.  He is active on social media
but is not calling and when you
call him, he does not pick up the phone. On the
other hand, Muskaan had returned to Meerut and
Saurabh was in Himachal according to them and
now some very disturbing news came from here.
Some news spread that when Saurabh's
daughter came back home, the people around
asked him that son, you both have come,
where is father and then his daughter said, father,
father is in the drum, how true or
wrong this was, no one knows, but this thing was
widely reported in the media without
any reference, although later the police
also denied this report that his daughter had
not said anything like this. Anyway,
Muskaan was telling lies one after the other and the
suspicion of Saurabh's family had increased.
On March 18, 2025, Saurabh's brother went to the police station
and he
wrote a report of his missing and the police got busy with their work on the same day. The
police reached Muskaan's house and
Muskaan told the same beaten story,
but on seeing the police at the door,
Muskaan's face had turned pale and a
nervousness was felt in her body language.
All these things were
noticed by the police. When the police asked some more questions,
Muskaan's tongue started faltering. The
police
also came to know about the relationship between Sahil and Muskaan and now it
was the first time when the police suspected that maybe
some crime has been committed in this whole case. The
police took Muskaan to the police station and the
search for Sahil began. Many
questions were asked to Muskaan but Muskaan did not budge. She never admitted to anything. The
police felt that it was going to be
a difficult task to find out the truth of this story.
After the entire interrogation, nothing was found from Muskaan.
Muskaan was
sent to her parents. But when
Muskaan went to her mother, she
started crying after seeing her mother and while crying
told her mother that Mummy, we killed Saurabh. Her
mother's feet slipped and she said,
what do you mean you killed Saurabh. She said
Mummy, I and Sahil together
killed Saurabh. Muskaan's mother was listening to the conversation.
For her, unbelievers
try to save their children by doing anything.
Perhaps thinking this, Muskaan told
her.  He had also told his mother that his
mother would save him by any means but
mothers have love and also justice.
As soon as Muskan's mother
heard this, she and her husband
reached the police station with their daughter and
told the whole truth about Muskan clearly to the police.
I and my friend killed her together
and we kept her in a drum by
putting cement in it. The police was also surprised to hear this.
Muskan was questioned for hours and the whole thing was
revealed again in front of the police. Sahil
Shukla was questioned and Sahil also
confessed his crime. He
also told about that drum and now the police reached
his house to search the drum. There was really a concrete
drum there, so heavy that it was impossible to move it. A
foul smell was coming from near that drum. When the
lid of that drum was opened, it was seen that
some shreds of Saurabh's body were rotting inside that concrete.
Saurabh Rajput was found but found dead. The
police had a concrete slab in their hands. They
tried to break it with a hammer and chisel
but nothing was found.
After that, a  He was sent to a special facility where
some special machines were called for, drill machines,
marble cutting machines and when the
slab was cut with them, pieces of Saurabh's body came out from inside it.
Rotting, decaying body
parts were found.
According to the doctors, those parts had
decayed so much, were
in such a bad condition that it was not possible to do a proper autopsy.
Autopsy was done on the parts that were found
and the rest of the body was handed back to the family.
Whatever little happened was
autopsied but after confession,
after recoveries, after finding the head,
after finding the body, it was beyond any doubt that
Saurabh has been murdered. Muskaan and Sahil were
arrested and more recoveries
started from them. Knives were found, sleeping pills were found.
Digital evidence was collected, messages,
social media posts, etc. The shops
from where all the goods were purchased were searched
and a lot of evidence came against them. The
news spread like fire in Meerut. People were
shocked and there was anger among the people. This was
not a minor crime.  It
was an attack on the value system of the country. Here a married wife was
killing her husband. It was an incident that
shook the society by ruthlessly winning his trust. It was an
incident that shook the very basic foundation of the society. Within a few days,
Saurabh and his case seemed to be solved. The
accused was presented in the court where
a crowd of people was standing. As soon as these
two were seen, a crowd of lawyers and common people
pounced upon them and tried to kill them.
People no longer
wanted justice, people wanted revenge. Everyone
wanted to see these two hanged
and the demand was being raised in one voice that
they should be hanged.
One of these voices was that of Muskan's mother.
I know he did a very wrong thing and
God should do twice as much wrong to her
and the justice wanted him to be hanged.
How much courage must have been required for a woman to say
that my daughter is not fit for the society and she should be given the
death penalty. A
trial will be held in this entire matter and gradually
all the layers of this case will be revealed. How many of the things we
know today  It is true, how many lies will
gradually be revealed,
but the story of Muskaan and Saurabh is neither the
first story nor will it be the last story.
For some, this story is a headline, for some it is a
story or content, for people like us, the
story is a video, but for those with whom this
happened, this story is the centre point of their life. The
question is whether Saurabh will get justice in the future
and the second question is
what justice will be done for Saurabh.
Whatever I told in this video is
all an allegation right now, a theory and they should
not believe it to be a fact. There should be a little
responsible public and please
treat this as a whole. I hope you
liked this video. If you did,
watch my other videos and after that,
if you think I am of use to subscribe, then do
subscribe to my channel. Jai Hind
and Satyamev Jayate.